README.md, before:

SuspiciousException
=======================
2016-01-20 -> 2021-03-05


This is an interface for the suspicious exception paradigm.




SuspiciousException is part of the [universe framework](https://github.com/karayabin/universe-snapshot).


Install
==========
Using the [planet installer](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_PlanetInstaller) via [light-cli](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Cli)
```bash
lt install Ling.SuspiciousException
```

Using the [uni](https://github.com/lingtalfi/universe-naive-importer) command.
```bash
uni import Ling/SuspiciousException
```


Details of the paradigm are explained in the [suspicious exception paradigm](https://github.com/lingtalfi/ConventionGuy/blob/master/paradigm/paradigm.suspiciousException.eng.md)




History Log
------------------

- 1.0.3 -- 2021-03-05

    - update README.md, add install alternative

- 1.0.2 -- 2020-12-08

    - Fix lpi-deps not using natsort.

- 1.0.1 -- 2020-12-04

    - Add lpi-deps.byml file

- 1.0.0 -- 2016-01-20

    - initial commit

Commit message:

update Removing trailing plus in lpi-deps file (to work with Light_PlanetInstaller:2.0.0 api

README.md, after:

SuspiciousException
=======================
2016-01-20 -> 2021-03-05


This is an interface for the suspicious exception paradigm.




SuspiciousException is part of the [universe framework](https://github.com/karayabin/universe-snapshot).


Install
==========
Using the [planet installer](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_PlanetInstaller) via [light-cli](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Cli)
```bash
lt install Ling.SuspiciousException
```

Using the [uni](https://github.com/lingtalfi/universe-naive-importer) command.
```bash
uni import Ling/SuspiciousException
```


Details of the paradigm are explained in the [suspicious exception paradigm](https://github.com/lingtalfi/ConventionGuy/blob/master/paradigm/paradigm.suspiciousException.eng.md)




History Log
------------------

- 1.0.4 -- 2021-05-31

    - Removing trailing plus in lpi-deps file (to work with Light_PlanetInstaller:2.0.0 api

- 1.0.3 -- 2021-03-05

    - update README.md, add install alternative

- 1.0.2 -- 2020-12-08

    - Fix lpi-deps not using natsort.

- 1.0.1 -- 2020-12-04

    - Add lpi-deps.byml file

- 1.0.0 -- 2016-01-20

    - initial commit
